we're invited oh for God's sake Cal get
the hell in here what he actually it
sings in the shower so how am I do not
regulate our heads we're half please
you're just getting over a cold join you
where hat to wear your sisters I can't
find them uh-huh joy where I checked the
entire house they're not here dad
there's this RV and they were playing on
it there was every thought there was
someone inside
I couldn't find them protected low key
they have children detective I'm gonna
find your daughters
you put those girls on neurons I know
you put this person he stays in custody
until my daughter's phone right we were
48-hour hold on it ends tomorrow unless
we bring charges what's hard you
something that boy has never been in
trouble not a day in his life this
thing's clean I'd start looking in the
woods by the rest of the police that
they're letting him go today what you're
doing Tony well no no no day 6 and every
day she's wondering why I'm not there it
topples istic you could protect us from
everything why did you
no it did you do someone has to make and
talk or they're gonna die we're not
gonna help Kelvin but we won't stop him
either let him do what he needs to I
know you know where they are
you